Stb (#3823)
mlpack/mlpack: CMakeLists.txt

option(DOWNLOAD_DEPENDENCIES "Automatically download dependencies if not available." OFF)
option(BUILD_GO_SHLIB "Build Go shared library." OFF)
option(USE_PRECOMPILED_HEADERS "Use precompiled headers for mlpack_test build." ON)

> option(MLPACK_USE_SYSTEM_STB "Use system STB instead of version bundled with mlpack." OFF)

Reviewer: Also we should update `doc/user/install.md` with any new (or removed) CMake options.

option(DOWNLOAD_DEPENDENCIES "Automatically download dependencies if not available." OFF)
option(BUILD_GO_SHLIB "Build Go shared library." OFF)
option(USE_PRECOMPILED_HEADERS "Use precompiled headers for mlpack_test build." ON)

> option(DONT_USE_MLPACK_STB "Use local STB instead of mlpack's bundled STB." OFF)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
option(DONT_USE_MLPACK_STB "Use system STB instead of version bundled with mlpack." OFF)
```

It's a nit but I avoid aposthrophe-s whereever I can in writing.  Also 'system' may be preferable to 'local'.

> option(DONT_USE_MLPACK_STB "Use local STB instead of the internal mlpack's STB," OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(DONT_USE_MLPACK_STB "Use local STB instead of mlpack's bundled STB." OFF)
```
Just a minor wording cleanup.

set(MLPACK_INCLUDE_DIRS ${MLPACK_INCLUDE_DIRS} ${ARMADILLO_INCLUDE_DIRS})
set(MLPACK_LIBRARIES ${MLPACK_LIBRARIES} ${ARMADILLO_LIBRARIES})

if (DONT_USE_MLPACK_STB)

>   find_package(StbImage REQUIRED)

Reviewer: Ok, so no more autodownloading of STB (that's fine with me, I just want to check that that's what you intended).

I think we should keep the `CMAKE_HAS_WORKING_STATIC_STB` check though: if the user wants to use a version of STB that is too old (like whatever ships on Debian stable right now), it will fail the check.

Author: Agree this would make sense to have it, even the relevant code for it I did not remove

        "multiple translation units!  Try upgrading your STB implementation, "
        "or using the auto-downloader (set DOWNLOAD_DEPENDENCIES=ON in the "
        "CMake configuration command.")
  endif()
endif()

if (STB_AVAILABLE)

>   add_definitions(-DMLPACK_USE_SYSTEM_STB)

Reviewer: Can you add the `MLPACK_USE_SYSTEM_STB` option to `doc/user/compile.md`?  We should point out that we require `stb_image.h`, `stb_image_write.h`, and `stb_image_resize2.h` to be available (assuming you update to that version).
